Update tidb-cloud-release-notes.md (#15493)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-release-notes.md

This page lists the release notes of [TiDB Cloud](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud/) in 2023.

## November 28, 2023

**General changes**

- [TiDB Dedicated](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-dedicated) supports restoring SQL bindings from backups.

>   TiDB Dedicated now restores user accounts and SQL bindings by default when restoring from a backup. This enhancement is available for clusters of v6.2.0 or later versions, streamlining the data restoration process.
> 
>   For more information, see [Back up and restore TiDB Dedicated data](/tidb-cloud/backup-and-restore.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    TiDB Dedicated now restores user accounts and SQL bindings by default when restoring from a backup. This enhancement is available for clusters of v6.2.0 or later versions, streamlining the data restoration process.

    For more information, see [Back up and restore TiDB Dedicated data](/tidb-cloud/backup-and-restore.md).
```

This page lists the release notes of [TiDB Cloud](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud/) in 2023.

## November 28, 2023

**General changes**

- [TiDB Dedicated](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-dedicated) supports restoring SQL bindings from backups.

    TiDB Dedicated now restores user accounts and SQL bindings by default when restoring from a backup. This enhancement is available for clusters of v6.2.0 or later versions, streamlining the data restoration process.

    For more information, see [Back up and restore TiDB Dedicated data](/tidb-cloud/backup-and-restore.md).

**Console changes**

> - [TiDB Serverless](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-serverless) supports checking SQL statement RU costs.
> 
>     TiDB Serverless now provides detailed insights into each SQL statement's Request Units (RU). You can view both the Total RU and Mean RU cost per SQL statement. This feature is designed to help you identify and analyze RU costs, offering opportunities for potential cost savings in your operations.
> 
>     To check your SQL statement RU details, click your [TiDB Cloud cluster](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters), navigate to the **Diagnosis** page, and then click the **SQL Statement** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [TiDB Serverless](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-serverless) supports monitoring SQL statement RU costs.

    TiDB Serverless now provides detailed insights into each SQL statement's [Request Units (RUs)](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-glossary.md#request-unit). You can view both the **Total RU** and **Mean RU** cost per SQL statement. This feature helps you identify and analyze RU costs, offering opportunities for potential cost savings in your operations.

    To check your SQL statement RU details, navigate to the **Diagnosis** page of [your TiDB Serverless cluster](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) and click the **SQL Statement** tab.

    For more information, see []().
```
